hey guys its brother d and i'm going to
be doing the unboxing of the kobe 10
blackout last time with the kobe 10 blue
lagoon i did go a lot into the detailing
of the kobe 10 box it being a new box
and all so this I'm going to skip past
the box detailing and go straight to the
shoes I'll pull these bad boys out and
here they are the Kobe 10 black out
these did release today so I'm hoping a
lot of people that do watch my channel
we're able to get out and purchase them
if not I'm hoping that you're able to
purchase them in the very near future
because they are very very beautiful
shoes Laker fans we have returned to a
all purple shoot the all purple Kobe's
are back very nice majority purview of
your black laces your black tongue and
you do have your black hills like I did
say with the Kobe 10 blue lagoon as of
right now all Kobe lows will feature
those four red stitching and the right
shoe will feature the Kobe 10 the Kobe
sign in general which i think is a nice
tight i think it's a very very unique
idea to do that um the meaning black out
a lot of people seem to be confused with
the wording black out a lot of gaza my
Instagram are seeing this and they're
saying it's called the Kobe 10 blackout
but they're all purple shoes the meaning
black out actually refers to Kobe's
training and his intense workouts not so
much the colorway so yes the color does
say black out and it is a purple shoe
but the colorways name actually refers
to Kobe's lifestyle on the way that he
trains and the way that he work out he
works out so that's to clear that up i
knows a lot of confusion so i just
wanted to get that out of the way now
this shoe did retail today at
80 I know I know I know a lot of people
are upset at the recent increase of
pricing that Nike has issued for the
Kobe 10 but there are some loopholes and
some cracks that you can slide through
in order to get these added cheaper
price um footlocker foot action and
champs do offer birthday coupons as long
as you come to a loyalty program you can
get a coupon for 20 or 25 us off that
will lighten the blow for the 180 I know
that may be a lot to some but I know a
lot of people can't get them but if you
can get a birthday coupon they are
posted a lot and on different forms
different forms of social media so you
can access one but there are a lot of
guys that did recently spend 350 on the
easy boots so if you can't spend that
350 on that easy boost you can spend 180
on these and utilize these for
basketball so don't use too many excuses
there I also wanted to compare these
with the another blackout color is I
want to pull these out these are the
zoom kobe one black out so i think this
is where the confusion began people were
used to the Kobe one blackout being all
black majority shoe it didn't feature a
white swoosh but it did have purple on
the side so they were used to seeing
this being all black and associated at
alone being called blackout and needing
to be a predominantly black shoe but
this is black out as well but it's all
perfect but like I did say the name
blackout does refer to his training not
the colorway itself so I'll put this
back this is a classic shoe very classic
shoe which was titled blackout but these
are the new blackouts that did release
today they were 180 again guys I want to
thank you guys for all the supporting
the love to my youtube channel if you do
like this video please press like please
press like please subscribe to my page
and if you like it share it with a
friend tell a friend tell a co-worker
telling buddy I do truly appreciate it
from the bottom of my heart
do thank you this is the Kobe 10 black
out again my name is brother d you can
also find me on instagram that is be our
o tha underscore d on that is on
instagram and that's where you can find
me and this is my youtube channel guide
you take care kobe ten black out